chore: update tekton tasks section (#700)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/virtual_machines/tekton_tasks.md

# KubeVirt Tekton

## KubeVirt Tekton tasks

### Prerequisites
- [Tekton](https://tekton.dev/)
- [KubeVirt](https://kubevirt.io/)
- [CDI](https://github.com/kubevirt/containerized-data-importer)
- [SSP](https://github.com/kubevirt/ssp-operator)

### Deploying SSP
[SSP](https://github.com/kubevirt/ssp-operator) is a Golang based operator, which takes care of deploying 
[kubevirt-tekton-tasks](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks) and example pipelines.

SSP is shipped as a part of [hyperconverged-cluster-operator](https://github.com/kubevirt/hyperconverged-cluster-operator) 
or it can be deployed by the user as a stand-alone from the latest [release](https://github.com/kubevirt/ssp-operator/releases/latest).

> !!! Note
>     TTO requires [Tekton](https://tekton.dev/) to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** SSP requires [Tekton](https://tekton.dev/) to work.
```

!!! Note

>     SSP does not deploy KubeVirt Tekton tasks resources by default.

Reviewer: Same as above.

> The user has to enable `deployTektonTaskResources` feature gate in HCO CR to deploy all its resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user has to enable `deployTektonTaskResources` feature gate in HCO CR to deploy all its resources:
```

# KubeVirt Tekton

### Prerequisites
- [Tekton](https://tekton.dev/)
- [KubeVirt](https://kubevirt.io/)
- [CDI](https://github.com/kubevirt/containerized-data-importer)
- [SSP](https://github.com/kubevirt/ssp-operator)

### Deploying SSP
[SSP](https://github.com/kubevirt/ssp-operator) is a Golang based operator, which takes care of deploying 
[kubevirt-tekton-tasks](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks) and example pipelines.

SSP is shipped as a part of [hyperconverged-cluster-operator](https://github.com/kubevirt/hyperconverged-cluster-operator) 
or it can be deployed by the user as a stand-alone from the latest [release](https://github.com/kubevirt/ssp-operator/releases/latest).

**Note:** SSP requires [Tekton](https://tekton.dev/) to work.

> **Note:** SSP does not deploy KubeVirt Tekton tasks resources by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SSP does not deploy KubeVirt Tekton tasks resources by default.
```

You say that it is not deployed by default and then you document how to opt-in. No need for a note.

> or in TTO CR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or in SSP CR:
```

```console
oc patch hco kubevirt-hyperconverged  --type=merge -p '{"spec":{"featureGates": {"deployTektonTaskResources": true}}}'
```

> or in SSP CR if SSP is deployed as a stand-alone without HCO:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or by applying a patch on an existing SSP CR:
```

```console
oc patch ssp ssp  --type=merge -p '{"spec":{"featureGates": {"deployTektonTaskResources": true}}}'
```

> Once `spec.featureGates.deployTektonTaskResources` is set to `true`, SSP will not delete any tasks or pipeline examples even if it is reverted back to false.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** Once `spec.featureGates.deployTektonTaskResources` is set to `true`, SSP will not delete any tasks or pipeline examples even if it is reverted back to false.
```

```console
oc patch hco kubevirt-hyperconverged  --type=merge -p '{"spec":{"featureGates": {"deployTektonTaskResources": true}}}'
```

> or in SSP CR if SSP is deployed as a stand-alone without HCO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or in SSP CR if SSP is deployed as a stand-alone without HCO:
```

Reviewer: Same in line https://github.com/kubevirt/user-guide/pull/700/files#diff-a77db169553e543ddbc385a4516c88ce5fd572e287ff4df352928f33eafba3ddR48: 
"User can use this command to enable `deployTektonTaskResources` feature gate in HCO CR", add semicolum.

All these tasks can be used for creating [pipelines](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/pipelines.md).

> TTO is creating multiple example pipelines, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSP is creating multiple example pipelines, e.g.:
```
I'm not sure about this one. Please ignore if it's not accurate.

- [Windows bios installer](https://github.com/kubevirt/ssp-operator/blob/main/data/tekton-pipelines/windows-bios-installer-pipeline.yaml) - Pipeline will prepare a template and Windows datavolume vith virtio drivers installed. User has to provide a link to working Windows 10 iso file. Pipeline is suitable 
for Windows versions, which uses bios. More informations about pipeline can be found [here](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks/tree/main/examples/pipelines/windows-bios-installer)

- [Windows efi installer](https://github.com/kubevirt/ssp-operator/blob/main/data/tekton-pipelines/windows-efi-installer-pipeline.yaml) - Pipeline will prepare a template and Windows 11/2k22 datavolume vith virtio drivers installed. User has to provide a link to working Windows 11/2k22 iso file. Pipeline is suitable for Windows versions, which requires EFI (e.g. Windows 11/2k22). More informations about pipeline can be found [here](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks/tree/main/examples/pipelines/windows-efi-installer)

> - [Windows customize](https://github.com/kubevirt/ssp-operator/blob/main/data/tekton-pipelines/windows-customize-pipeline.yaml) - Pipeline will install sql server or vs code in windows VM. More informations about pipeline can be found [here](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks/tree/main/examples/pipelines/windows-customize)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Windows customize](https://github.com/kubevirt/ssp-operator/blob/main/data/tekton-pipelines/windows-customize-pipeline.yaml) - Pipeline will install SQL server or VS Code in a Windows VM. More informations about pipeline can be found [here](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks/tree/main/examples/pipelines/windows-customize)
```
